Update the Managing Customer Accounts and Updating a Customer Profile topics (#1528)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/customer-account-manage.md

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save</span>.

{:.b2b-only}
### Set active/inactive

> Customers with inactive accounts cannot log in or make purchases from their accounts. There are two methods to set active/inactive of customer account:
> 
> **Method 1:** Via customers grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers with inactive accounts cannot log in or make purchases from their accounts. There are two methods to set a customer account as active or inactive:

**Method 1:** From the customers grid
```

1. When prompted to confirm, click <span class="btn">OK</span>.

> **Method 1:** Via customer's edit page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Method 1:** From the account edit page
```

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Customers** > **All Customers**.

1. In the grid, find the customer record to be edited.

1. In the _Actions_ column on the far right, click **Edit**.

1. Select the **Account Information** tab.

> 1. Set the ** Customer Active** swatcher to `Yes` or `No`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set ** Customer Active** to `Yes` or `No`.
```

> 1. When finish, click <span class="btn">Save Customer</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Save Customer</span>.
```
